c:\Users\elias.saarenala\programmering med Micke\shack Winterprojekt 2\shack Winterprojekt 2\obj\Debug\net6.0\shack Winterprojekt 2.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\elias.saarenala\programmering med Micke\shack Winterprojekt 2\shack Winterprojekt 2\obj\Debug\net6.0\shack Winterprojekt 2.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\elias.saarenala\programmering med Micke\shack Winterprojekt 2\shack Winterprojekt 2\obj\Debug\net6.0\shack Winterprojekt 2.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\elias.saarenala\programmering med Micke\shack Winterprojekt 2\shack Winterprojekt 2\obj\Debug\net6.0\shack Winterprojekt 2.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\elias.saarenala\programmering med Micke\shack Winterprojekt 2\shack Winterprojekt 2\obj\Debug\net6.0\shack Winterprojekt 2.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\elias.saarenala\programmering med Micke\shack Winterprojekt 2\shack Winterprojekt 2\bin\Debug\net6.0\shack Winterprojekt 2.exe
c:\Users\elias.saarenala\programmering med Micke\shack Winterprojekt 2\shack Winterprojekt 2\bin\Debug\net6.0\shack Winterprojekt 2.deps.json
c:\Users\elias.saarenala\programmering med Micke\shack Winterprojekt 2\shack Winterprojekt 2\bin\Debug\net6.0\shack Winterprojekt 2.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\elias.saarenala\programmering med Micke\shack Winterprojekt 2\shack Winterprojekt 2\bin\Debug\net6.0\shack Winterprojekt 2.dll
c:\Users\elias.saarenala\programmering med Micke\shack Winterprojekt 2\shack Winterprojekt 2\bin\Debug\net6.0\shack Winterprojekt 2.pdb
c:\Users\elias.saarenala\programmering med Micke\shack Winterprojekt 2\shack Winterprojekt 2\bin\Debug\net6.0\Raylib-cs.dll
c:\Users\elias.saarenala\programmering med Micke\shack Winterprojekt 2\shack Winterprojekt 2\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libraylib.so
c:\Users\elias.saarenala\programmering med Micke\shack Winterprojekt 2\shack Winterprojekt 2\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\elias.saarenala\programmering med Micke\shack Winterprojekt 2\shack Winterprojekt 2\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\elias.saarenala\programmering med Micke\shack Winterprojekt 2\shack Winterprojekt 2\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\elias.saarenala\programmering med Micke\shack Winterprojekt 2\shack Winterprojekt 2\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\elias.saarenala\programmering med Micke\shack Winterprojekt 2\shack Winterprojekt 2\obj\Debug\net6.0\shack Winterprojekt 2.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\elias.saarenala\programmering med Micke\shack Winterprojekt 2\shack Winterprojekt 2\obj\Debug\net6.0\shack Winterprojekt 2.dll
c:\Users\elias.saarenala\programmering med Micke\shack Winterprojekt 2\shack Winterprojekt 2\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\shack Winterprojekt 2.dll
c:\Users\elias.saarenala\programmering med Micke\shack Winterprojekt 2\shack Winterprojekt 2\obj\Debug\net6.0\shack Winterprojekt 2.pdb
c:\Users\elias.saarenala\programmering med Micke\shack Winterprojekt 2\shack Winterprojekt 2\obj\Debug\net6.0\shack Winterprojekt 2.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\elias.saarenala\programmering med Micke\shack Winterprojekt 2\shack Winterprojekt 2\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\shack Winterprojekt 2.dll
